---
title: Introduction
date: 2025-11-06 20:51:00 +0300
categories: [Posts, Short]
tags: [introduction, about]
author: azzy
---

Hello! My name is Iaroslav. I've decided that shitposting only on Mastodon is not enough, so here we are, this is my blog. This is the first (and I hope not the last) post on here. I'll tell a little about myself.

## $ whoami

I'm a software engineering student (or at least I was such at the time of writing). I love free (as in freedom) software, games, digital art, music, and all that stuff. Work with Java, C and C++, hate php (kinda) and know a little of Bash and Perl. In my free time I play games (obviously), make software, sometimes play piano, take photos, or even try to draw on a graphical tablet. Also, I love SCP Foundation. Oh, and I'm a furry, if you couldn't tell.

## $ pwd

I live in [DATA EXPUNGED] and study at [REDACTED] University of Technology in Software Engineering department. Not much else to be said.

## $ top

At the moment of writing I'm trying (and failing) to write libredoku — free software for generating Sudoku puzzles in Perl. I might have finished it when you're reading it, go check my Codeberg for yourself. I have some other ideas as well, and I might (or might not) have talked about them in other posts here or on my Mastodon — go check them out.

## $ history

In the past I've finished some small projects, usually of questionable quality. They're mostly lost media now. But hey, who knows, maybe I'll find some one day. Some of the most notable ones:

- Multiplayer Deltarune clone, that I can't distribute because it was for an internship and I signed papers with questionable conditions
- Several CLI programs in C that have questionable (at best) memory safety
- Some weird AVR firmware that does useless stuff
